11 / 29 / 2017
Make fugures.
Do not jump to more research until what we already have is written in text and figures.
Read about another 1-2 SDN Firewalls apart from Flowguard.
Finish the dump draft of the paper.
Get feedback from Adam, Yan and Ziming.
Send a copy to Dr. Ahn.

Questions for Adam:
    0. Need help with organizing the content - sections, names, 
    1. Should this be called firewall?
    2. Is this good enough for the workshop?
    3. If yes, what should I do more to make it for CCN? 
   
References:
    1. P. Porras, S. Shin, V. Yegneswaran, M. Fong, M. Tyson, and
    G. Gu. A security enforcement kernel for openflow
    networks. In HotSDN’12
    2. Flowguard HotSDN'14
    3. DELTA: A Security Assessment Framework for Software-Defined Networks - NDSS 2017
    4. OpenFlow.   OpenFlow  Specification  version  1.0.0.   Technical  report, 2009.  http://archive.openflow.org/documents/openflow-spec-v1.0.0.pdf.
    5. OpenFlow. OpenFlow  Specification  version  1.3.0.Technical  report, 2011.  https://www.opennetworking.org/images/stories/downloads/sdn-resources/onf-specifications/openflow/openflow-spec-v1.3.0.pdf.

Adam 11/29
    0. Obsolete is not a right word. Change it to challenges.
    1. References: Study, mention and refer around 5 Firewalls. Find firewalls from Flowguard citations.
    2. For problems in existing FWs have tabular comparisons: Rows: Firewalls Cols: Deficiencies. : YES / NO.
    3. The firewalls can be prior or after FlowGuard.
    4. Make a threat model: Define attackers capabilities: Attacks can originate from various places: North / South.
    5. At the end, you should prove that all the challenges that existing works have failed in, are being rightly addressed in Flowguard.

Ankur: 
    1. Work on the Introduction and Abstract. Have a lucid indicators of what is the contribution and which sections of paper solve that problem. Reviewers judge highly on introduction!!
    2. Describe the new architecture: North and South Bound - Infrastructure and design.
    3. Highlight the contibution more. 

Sukwha:
    1. Discussing DoS and performance attacks are more of management job not a firewall's.
    2. Where would the controller attack go on the paper?

